Hi friends, how are you?
explain to you how it is there is a
hair season with my see with
olinda olive oil
So I should, I decided to go and take good care of them.
of my hair with make the schedule
capillary
I also researched about breastfeeding
It's the hair that nothing else is to put
oil in the hair
So who has hair news can do?
this I'll do
but to oil it is not oil fighting
obesity
It's like when you make lights on the hair
title was where the Lord head
with the uncured tip that my
is enough
it is very good to do this process is that
You will do the nutrition of your
schedule is and olive oil is this
even if we meet in the
supermarket x hours is vegetable oil
and mineral oil is better it does not
also for the hair because it goes
stick in your hair and it will be difficult
leave in a hurry to enter
any kind of product your hair and the
recommended is the vegetable oil you
I find in the olive oil that I go
use
also have those coconut eyes that
sell for you to take weight
can melt and in the cold
It's hard to use a paste but it's easy.
ddt and also has excellent eyes of
grape knows have hours studying there are more
chips and look the important thing to note is that
be an oil is vegetable do not look mineral
because she can do it
contrary for hair instead of leaving
better will get worse
and this is it I'm going to teach you how to
I pass is very normal even I just go
split my hair and whatever the
video how will you pass a mask you know is
important is also to be you have is this
You're going to use this one look at the
hair does not mix with your food is
because I myself I will not put a
container can not be so because
on hand inside 'cause it's going to go
the product is so you better go
putting yourself in the hand and going on like
if it were an even moisturizing mask
one had normal speaking very slowly
Hair I'm talking to you, well, old man.
that more is already concluded and will
combing is normal i prefer to make five
and divide in two
and for those pieces
my hair is a lot of tape, it's easier for him
It's little and son and then something else.
hair curly more so enroladinho
knows those afro or even more
full and has no difference is that it will
take a little more time to pick it up
the product enters because the children are
males like hair so it 's alright
then it is easier to penetrate the
Oil in the hair now I'll give it to you.
being I'll take it without a little bit, right?
only
op
It goes on like it was in the massacre.
of hydration even put very expensive
too much
but it's no problem that I'm using
Only this hand can even pass this way or
if it happens as if it were a
mask which I paid a lot I'll do
so I'll spend almost every hair in my hair
I'll split up later, you can go over
without fear because even as I told
You're not going to make it any more.
oily hair age is the same thing
So, you have no problem passing me, but I
I spend more on the tips than the
most impaired of my hair
moisturizing very well pulling as if it were
from our standard for voice and will read a video
Now I'm going to take the other side too.
to do the same way I think of that
so it looks like it was
Wet, that's the way it's supposed to be
A little bit goes by
the woman all wet like that
now it 's wait is about an hour
I'm going to ruin and I'm going to promotion result
for you are waiting for the loves I came back
and so the result is I'm washing
with anti-waste shampoo I passed a hand
him and do more in the common shampoo and more
a moisturizing mask and it became
he got enough sun had left
pull for you
he was quite alone had I liked
much of the result did not get better
because you still have the parts that are good
damaged by the lights that the
from the bottom it's coming out
from up here and it was really good
knows that it's the part that already leaves everything
same
the ink the lights and this was so
I hope you have enjoyed that
has understood something like I
It may be because of me.
I know it's a little girl, and until next time
do you like my channel from where
and anyone who wants it can count
For me, what was it like with the face?
This is what I hope you liked it.
until the next